README.md, before:

# rpi_power
  
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.6-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![mantained](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2018.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![maintainer](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-Peter%20Skopa%20%40swetoast-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/forum-visit-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/raspberry-pi-power-sensor-updated-2018-07-03/58155)   
A sensor that checks your Raspberry Pi charger so its not giving you undervoltage.
  
To get started put `/custom_components/sensor/rpi_power.py` here:  
`<config directory>/custom_components/sensor/rpi_power.py`  
  
**Example configuration.yaml:**
```yaml
sensor:
  platform: rpi_power
```
**Configuration variables:**  
  
key | description  
:--- | :---  
**Kernel (Required)** | 4.14 or higher  
  
  
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)  
***
Due to how `custom_componentes` are loaded, it is normal to see a `ModuleNotFoundError` error on first boot after adding this, to resolve it, restart Home-Assistant.

Commit message:

Add the option to set the desctiption as the state

README.md, after:

# rpi_power
  
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.7-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![mantained](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2018.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![maintainer](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-Peter%20Skopa%20%40swetoast-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](#) [![forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/forum-visit-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/raspberry-pi-power-sensor-updated-2018-07-03/58155)   
A sensor that checks your Raspberry Pi charger so its not giving you undervoltage.
  
To get started put `/custom_components/sensor/rpi_power.py` here:  
`<config directory>/custom_components/sensor/rpi_power.py`  
  
**Example configuration.yaml:**

```yaml
sensor:
  platform: rpi_power
```

**Optional config options:**  
  
| key | default | required | description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| **text_state** | False | no | Sets the desctiption as the state if True.
  
⚠️ This require cernel 4.14 or higher.

[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)  
***
Due to how `custom_componentes` are loaded, it is normal to see a `ModuleNotFoundError` error on first boot after adding this, to resolve it, restart Home-Assistant.
